https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marriage_Amendment_(Definition_and_Religious_Freedoms)_Act_2017
date:Sun Dec 10 21:25:15 EST 2017
IP:208.80.154.224
length:12652

  Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 
   Main Page 
     From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
      Jump to: 
     navigation, 
     search 
         Welcome to 
         Wikipedia,
         the 
         free 
         encyclopedia that 
         anyone can edit.
         5,529,628 articles in 
         English
        Arts 
        Biography 
        Geography 
        History 
        Mathematics 
        Science 
        Society 
        Technology 
        All portals 
          From today's featured article 
           Nigel (
           c. 1100– 1169) was 
           Treasurer of England under King 
           Henry I, before being appointed to the 
           see, or bishopric, of Ely in 1133. Nigel owed his advancement to his uncle, 
           Roger of Salisbury, a bishop and government minister. Following the accession of Henry I's successor, King 
           Stephen, Nigel remained as treasurer only briefly. He rebelled and deserted to Stephen's rival 
           Matilda, and never regained high office under Stephen. On the king's death, Nigel was returned to the treasurership by the new king, 
           Henry II. In Nigel's second tenure as treasurer, he returned the administration to the practices of Henry I. He withdrew from much of his public work after around 1164, following an attack of paralysis. He was succeeded as treasurer by his son, 
           Richard fitzNeal, whom he had trained in the operations of the 
           Exchequer, or Treasury of England. Most historians have felt that Nigel's administrative abilities were excellent; he is considered to have been more talented as an administrator than as a religious figure. (
           Fullarticle...) 
            Recently featured: 
              Convention of 1833 
              Air Mata Iboe 
              Ian Johnson (cricketer) 
             Archive 
             By email 
             More featured articles 
           Did you know... 
              The portico facade, 2010
            ... that a tomb (pictured) in Yavne is claimed as the site of burial of Abu Hurairah by Muslims and Gamaliel II by Jews, despite both claims being highly unlikely? 
            ... that Australian prime minister Harold Holt's death by drowning has been commemorated by a warship, a naval installation, and multiple swimming pools? 
            ... that Nicole Grobert, professor of nanomaterials at the University of Oxford, was awarded a Royal Society Industry Fellowship in 2016, her third fellowship from the Royal Society? 
            ... that Robert Swinhoe initially thought that the "ugly raw-looking red patch on the throat" of the Taiwan partridge was an injury? 
            ... that it took Salma Ismail, the first Malaysian Malay woman to qualify as a doctor, 11 years to complete her medical studies? 
            ... that in divergent double subduction, an ocean shrinks and sinks? 
            ... that Femi Claudius Cole offers free health checks as she campaigns to become President of Sierra Leone? 
            ... that according to legend, a spectral knight on a white horse is sometimes seen riding toward Weichenwang to visit his lover? 
             Recent additions 
             Start a new article 
             Nominate an article 
          In the news 
              Halszkaraptor escuilliei fossil
            Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declares victory against ISIL after capturing the group's remaining territory in the country. 
            TheParliament of Australiapasses legislation to allow same-sex marriage. 
            Halszkaraptor, a duck-like dinosaur genus thought to have been semiaquatic, is described from a Mongolian fossil (pictured). 
            U.S. President Donald Trump announces that the United States recognizes Jerusalem as Israel's capital. 
            The International Olympic Committee bans Russia from competing at the 2018 Winter Olympics, following investigation into doping at the 2014 Games. 
             Recent deaths: 
               Simeon Booker 
               Max Clifford 
               Johnny Hallyday 
               Michael I of Romania 
             Other recent events 
             Nominate an article 
           On this day... 
           December 11 
              The Old Well at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
            1789 – The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (The Old Well pictured), one of the oldest public universities in the United States and the only one to award degrees in the 18th century, received its charter. 
            1886 – The London-based football club Arsenal, then known as Dial Square, played their first match on the Isle of Dogs. 
            1920 – Irish War of Independence: Following an Irish Republican Army ambush of a British Auxiliary patrol in Cork, British forces burned and looted numerous buildings in the city. 
            1962 – Convicted murderers Ronald Turpin and Arthur Lucas were the last two persons to be executed in Canada. 
            1981 – Salvadoran Civil War: About 900 civilians were killed by the Salvadoran armed forces in an anti-guerrilla campaign. 
           Colley Cibber (d.1757)· Hector Berlioz (b.1803)· Max Born (b.1882) 
            More anniversaries: 
              December 10 
              December 11 
              December 12 
             Archive 
             By email 
             List of historical anniversaries 
        From today's featured list 
            Maggie Cheung
         The Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress is an award presented annually at the Hong Kong Film Awards. It is given to honour an actress who has delivered an outstanding performance in a Hong Kong film. The 1st Hong Kong Film Awards ceremony was held in 1982, with no formal nomination procedure established; the award was given to Kara Hui for her role in My Young Auntie. After the first award ceremony, a nomination system was put in place whereby no more than five nominations are made for each category and each entry is selected through two rounds of voting. Maggie Cheung (pictured) holds the title for the most awards received having been honoured on five separate occasions. Sylvia Chang holds the record for the most nominated actress with ten nominations. Since its inception, 81 actresses have been nominated for the award with 26 actresses winning at least one of the 36 awards. (Fulllist...) 
          Recently featured: 
            Timeline of the 2015 North Indian Ocean cyclone season 
            ANA Inspiration champions 
            National Treasures of Japan (writings: Chinese books) 
           Archive 
           More featured lists 
        Today's featured picture 
             Meripilus giganteus is a polypore fungus in the family Meripilaceae. It causes a white rot in various types of broadleaved trees, particularly beech. This bracket fungus is often found in large clumps at the base of trees, although fruiting bodies are sometimes found some distance from the trunk, parasitizing the roots. M. giganteus has a circumboreal distribution in the Northern Hemisphere, and is widely distributed in Europe. In the field, it is recognizable by the large, multi-capped fruiting body, as well as its pore surface that quickly darkens black when bruised or injured. Photograph: Michael Gäbler 
              Recently featured: 
                Intentional camera movement 
                Vervain hummingbird 
                Martin Ryckaert 
               Archive 
               More featured pictures 
       Other areas of Wikipedia 
        Community portal – Bulletin board, projects, resources and activities covering a wide range of Wikipedia areas. 
        Help desk – Ask questions about using Wikipedia. 
        Local embassy – For Wikipedia-related communication in languages other than English. 
        Reference desk – Serving as virtual librarians, Wikipedia volunteers tackle your questions on a wide range of subjects. 
        Site news – Announcements, updates, articles and press releases on Wikipedia and the Wikimedia Foundation. 
        Village pump – For discussions about Wikipedia itself, including areas for technical issues and policies. 
       Wikipedia's sister projects 
       Wikipedia is hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other projects: 
          Commons Free media repository 
          MediaWiki Wiki software development 
          Meta-Wiki Wikimedia project coordination 
          Wikibooks Free textbooks and manuals 
          Wikidata Free knowledge base 
          Wikinews Free-content news 
          Wikiquote Collection of quotations 
          Wikisource Free-content library 
          Wikispecies Directory of species 
          Wikiversity Free learning materials and activities 
          Wikivoyage Free travel guide 
          Wiktionary Dictionary and thesaurus 
       Wikipedia languages 
        This Wikipedia is written in English. Started in 2001(2001), it currently contains 5,529,628 articles. Many other Wikipedias are available; some of the largest are listed below. 
         More than 1,000,000 articles: 
            Deutsch 
            Español 
            Français 
            Italiano 
            Nederlands 
            日本語 
            Polski 
            Русский 
            Svenska 
            Tiếng Việt 
         More than 250,000 articles: 
            العربية 
            Bahasa Indonesia 
            Bahasa Melayu 
            Català 
            Čeština 
            Euskara 
            فارسی 
            한국어 
            Magyar 
            Norsk 
            Português 
            Română 
            Srpski 
            Srpskohrvatski 
            Suomi 
            Türkçe 
            Українська 
            中文 
         More than 50,000 articles: 
            Bosanski 
            Български 
            Dansk 
            Eesti 
            Ελληνικά 
            English (simple form) 
            Esperanto 
            Galego 
            עברית 
            Hrvatski 
            Latviešu 
            Lietuvių 
            Norsk nynorsk 
            Slovenčina 
            Slovenščina 
            ไทย 
        Complete list of Wikipedias
      Retrieved from "
     https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Main_Page&amp;oldid=807996266" 
   Navigation menu 
     Personal tools 
      Not logged in
      Talk
      Contributions
      Create account
      Log in 
      Namespaces 
       Main Page
       Talk 
       Variants  
      Views 
       Read
       View source
       View history 
      More 
       Search  
     Navigation 
       Main page
       Contents
       Featured content
       Current events
       Random article
       Donate to Wikipedia
       Wikipedia store 
     Interaction 
       Help
       About Wikipedia
       Community portal
       Recent changes
       Contact page 
     Tools 
       What links here
       Related changes
       Upload file
       Special pages
       Permanent link
       Page information
       Wikidata item
       Cite this page 
     Print/export 
       Create a book
       Download as PDF
       Printable version 
     In other projects 
       Wikimedia Commons
       MediaWiki
       Meta-Wiki
       Wikispecies
       Wikibooks
       Wikidata
       Wikinews
       Wikiquote
       Wikisource
       Wikiversity
       Wikivoyage
       Wiktionary 
     Languages 
       العربية
       Български
       Bosanski
       Català
       Čeština
       Dansk
       Deutsch
       Eesti
       Ελληνικά
       Español
       Esperanto
       Euskara
       فارسی
       Français
       Galego
       한국어
       Hrvatski
       Bahasa Indonesia
       Italiano
       עברית
       ქართული
       Latviešu
       Lietuvių
       Magyar
       Bahasa Melayu
       Nederlands
       日本語
       Norsk
       Norsk nynorsk
       Polski
       Português
       Română
       Русский
       Simple English
       Slovenčina
       Slovenščina
       Српски / srpski
       Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски
       Suomi
       Svenska
       ไทย
       Türkçe
       Українська
       Tiếng Việt
       中文 
     This page was last edited on 31 October 2017, at 07:33. 
    Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. 
    Privacy policy 
    About Wikipedia 
    Disclaimers 
    Contact Wikipedia 
    Developers 
    Cookie statement 
    Mobile view 

